api-reference/medical-record-summaries/embed.mdx, before:

Once the PDF has been uploaded to the Puppilot system and the AI summarization process has been initiated, you can embed an iframe on your frontend to display the summary output.

## Embedding the iframe

To display a Puppilot summary within your platform, embed the following URL:

```
https://puppilot.co/embed/summary?patient_id={PATIENT_ID}
```

Replace `{PATIENT_ID}` with the same unique patient identifier you used during the upload process.

### Example Implementation

```html
<iframe
  src="https://puppilot.co/embed/summary?patient_id=123"
  width="100%"
  height="600px"
  frameborder="0"
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
```

### Preview

![Puppilot Summary iframe](/images/iframe-summary.png)

*The embedded view shows all four summary levels with toggle buttons to switch between Brief, Focused, Detailed, and Deep Dive summaries.*

### iframe Parameters

- **patient_id** (required): The unique identifier for the patient associated with the uploaded PDF. This is passed as a URL query parameter. **(Ensure the `patient_id` parameter matches exactly with the ID used during the upload process)**
- **width** (optional): Set the width of the iframe (default: 100%)
- **height** (optional): Set the height of the iframe (recommended: 600px or more)
- **frameborder** (optional): Set to "0" for a borderless iframe

Commit message:

updated documentation with new api endpoint

api-reference/medical-record-summaries/embed.mdx, after:

Once the PDF has been uploaded to the Puppilot system and the AI summarization process has been initiated, you can embed an iframe on your frontend to display the summary output.

## Embedding the iframe

To display a Puppilot summary within your platform, embed the following URL:

```
https://puppilot.co/embed/summary?patient_id={PATIENT_ID}
```

`{PATIENT_ID}`: A unique identifier for the patient. This is passed as a URL query parameter and refers to the name of the original file that was uploaded, including the extension but not including the entire path. 

If - for example - the initial upload call was 
```json
curl -X POST https://agents.puppilot.co/timeline/upload-pdf \
  -F "file=@./medical-records/dogs/tedd.pdf"
```
Then the `patient_id` is **tedd.pdf**

### Example Implementation

```html
<iframe
  src="https://puppilot.co/embed/summary?patient_id=tedd.pdf"
  width="100%"
  height="600px"
  frameborder="0"
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
```

### Preview

![Puppilot Summary iframe](/images/iframe-summary.png)

*The embedded view shows all four summary levels with toggle buttons to switch between Brief, Focused, Detailed, and Deep Dive summaries.*

### iframe Parameters

- **patient_id** (required): A unique identifier for the patient. This is passed as a URL query parameter and refers to the name of the original file that was uploaded, including the extension but not including the entire path.
- **width** (optional): Set the width of the iframe (default: 100%)
- **height** (optional): Set the height of the iframe (recommended: 600px or more)
- **frameborder** (optional): Set to "0" for a borderless iframe
